hey there I'm Hilah and welcome to Hilah
cooking so one of the goals of our show
is to sort of go over the basics kind of
cooking 101 if you will so today I'm
going to show you some excreme' legs
SuperDuper easy and it's great things
know how to make if you want to make
breakfast for yourself or you want to
make breakfast tacos or any number of
things so we'll show you starting right
now
[Music]
[Applause]
so basically all you need is eggs and
butter some people like to add milk or
water to their eggs personally I don't
really notice a difference when I do
that so you can do it I don't know I
think maybe the extra liquid just helps
you break up the egg more better I don't
really know
I've heard explanations but I don't
necessarily believe it anyway it is
important to get some air mixed into
your eggs so when you eat them you can
use a fork I'm gonna use a whisk because
it's kind of more fun but you just want
to do it a lot and it starts to turn
sort of a lighter yellow a lemon yellow
get in there air get frosty on me and
then we add a little salt and pepper and
we ready to cook all right let that
preheat while I get my SP in there
that's salt and pepper and mix that up
again and another very important thing
when you're making eggs is to use the
proper sized pan since I just have two
eggs here I'm using my little baby
skillet because I don't want them all
spread out and then you end up with sort
of a they cook too fast and then you get
sort of tough eggs so I'm gonna cook
slow and kind of deep I've got it on
high heat right now while the butter
melts and the butter is gonna melt and
then it's gonna kind of film up a little
bit and that's when I knew it's hot
enough it'll start to bubble
one final wham-bam and then i'm going to
pour my eggs in
okay now don't stir them right away let
them acclimate to their new environment
turn your heat down to medium-low and
it's starting to cook around the edges
here but I don't want to mess it just
yet now I do
I'm using a rubber silicone spatula you
can use a metal spatula I want to be
gentle with my baby eggs
now I can start stirring them a little
more vigorously to break up the little
clumps and win there I like my eggs
fully done but you want to take them off
before they're to the point of your
liking so like this looks turn that heat
off and just keep stirring them around
for just a few more seconds don't want
to overcook and then they're they're
still look a little moist I'm ready to
plate go ahead and get them on my plate
and perfectly cooked scrambled eggs
all right see here we have large curds
they're still moist and delicious and
fluffy mmm perfect there you have it
perfectly cooked eggs check out
hilahcooking.com for more episodes and
recipes and a little see you later on
the flip side probably
[Music]
[Applause]